feat(curriculum): add football player card tsx project (#67076)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/blocks/workshop-build-a-football-player-card-builder/69e8b295388ebbd517692bb7.md

---
id: 69e8b295388ebbd517692bb7
title: Step 8
challengeType: 0
dashedName: step-8
---

# --description--

> After the `div` with no class name, add a `div` with class name `card-header-right`. Inside it, add a `div` with class name `card-tier-badge` and the text `GOLD`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After the `div` with no `className`, add a `div` with `className` of `card-header-right`. Inside it, add a `div` with `className` of `card-tier-badge` and the text `GOLD`.
```

# --hints--

> You should add a `div` with the class name `card-header-right` Inside `.card-header`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You should add a `div` with the `className` of `card-header-right` inside the `.card-header` element.
```

```js
assert.exists(document.querySelector('.card-header > .card-header-right'));
```

> You should add a `div` with the class name `card-tier-badge` inside `.card-header-right`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You should add a `div` with the `className` of `card-tier-badge` inside the `.card-header-right` element.
```
